---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_inventory_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source: inventory profiles
---

# Data Source: netris_inventory_profile

Inventory profiles allow security hardening of inventory devices. By default all traffic flow destined to switch/SoftGate is allowed. As soon as the inventory profile is attached to a device it denies all traffic destined to the device except Netris-defined and user-defined custom flows.

## Example Usages

```hcl
data "netris_inventory_profile" "my-profile" {
  name = "my-profile"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Argument Reference

- **name** (String) The name of inventory profile

### Attribute Reference

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **customrule** (Block List) Custom Rules configuration block. User defined rules to allow certain traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--customrule))
- **description** (String) Inventory profile description
- **dnsservers** (List of String) List of IP addresses of DNS servers.
- **ipv4ssh** (List of String) List of IPv4 subnets allowed to ssh.
- **ipv6ssh** (List of String) List of IPv6 subnets allowed to ssh.
- **ntpservers** (List of String) List of domain names or IP addresses of NTP servers.
- **timezone** (String) Devices using this inventory profile will adjust their system time to the selected timezone. Valid value is a name from the TZ [database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones).

<a id="nestedblock--customrule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customrule`

Attribute Reference:

- **dstport** (String) Destination port. 1-65535, or empty for any.
- **protocol** (String) Protocol.
- **sourcesubnet** (String) Source Subnet.
- **srcport** (String) Source port. 1-65535, or empty for any.
