---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_vnet Data Source - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source: Vnets
---

# Data Source: netris_vnet

V-Net is a virtual networking service that provide a Layer-2 (unrouted) or Layer-3 (routed) virtual network segments on switch ports anywhere on the switch fabric. V-NETs can be created and managed by a single tenant (single team) or they can be created and managed collaboratively by multiple tenants (different teams inside and/or outside the organization). Netris automatically configures a VXLAN with an EVPN control plane over an unnumbered BGP Layer-3 underlay network and organize the high availability for the default gateway behind the scenes.

## Example Usages

```hcl
data "netris_vnet" "my-vnet" {
  name = "my-vnet"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Argument Reference

- **name** (String) The name of the vnet.

### Attribute Reference

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **sites** (Block List) Block of per site vnet configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sites))
- **state** (String) V-Net state.
- **tenantid** (Number) ID of tenant. Users of this tenant will be permitted to edit this unit.

<a id="nestedblock--sites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites`

Attribute Reference:

- **id** (Number) The site ID. Ports from these sites will be allowed to participate in the V-Net.
- **gateways** (Block List) Block of gateways. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sites--gateways))
- **ports** (Block List) Block of ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sites--ports))

<a id="nestedblock--sites--gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.gateways`

Attribute Reference

- **prefix** (String) The address will be serving as anycast default gateway for selected subnet.

<a id="nestedblock--sites--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites.ports`

Attribute Reference

- **name** (String) Switch port name.
- **vlanid** (String) VLAN tag for current port.
