---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_acl Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages ACLs
---

# netris_acl

Netris supports ACLs for switch network access control. (ACL and ACL2.0) ACL is for defining network access lists in a source IP: Port, destination IP: Port format. ACL2.0 is an object-oriented service way of describing network access.
Both ACL and ACL2.0 services support tenant/RBAC based approval workflows. Access control lists execute in switch hardware providing line-rate performance for security enforcement. It’s important to keep in mind that the number of ACLs is limited to the limited size of TCAM of network switches.
## Example Usages
```hcl
resource "netris_acl" "my-acl" {
	name = "my-acl"
	action = "permit"
	comment = "Test"
	proto = "tcp"
	srcprefix = "192.0.2.0/24"
	srcportfrom = 1
	srcportto = 65535
	dstprefix = "0.0.0.0/0"
	dstportfrom = 80
	dstportto = 80
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **action** (String) Permit or Deny forwarding of matched packets. Valid values are `permit` and `deny`.
- **dstprefix** (String) Destination IPv4/IPv6 address. Example `0.0.0.0/0`
- **name** (String) Unique name for the ACL entry.
- **proto** (String) IP protocol to match. Valid values are `all`, `ip`, `tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, `icmpv6`.
- **srcprefix** (String) Source IPv4/IPv6 address. Example `192.0.2.0/24`

### Optional

- **comment** (String) Descriptive comment, commonly used for approval workflows.
- **dstportfrom** (Number) Destination port from. Valid values should be in range 1-65535
- **dstportgroup** (String) Match destination ports on a group of ports. Valid value name of ACL Port Group
- **dstportto** (Number) Destination port to. Valid values should be in range 1-65535
- **established** (Number) For TCP, also match reverse packets except with TCP SYN flag. For non-TCP, also generate a reverse rule with swapped source/destination. Valid values are `0` and `1`. Default value is `1`
- **icmptype** (Number) Custom IPv4 ICMP code. Valid values should be in range 1-37 according to RFC 1700. Default value is `1`
- **reverse** (Boolean) For TCP, also match reverse packets except with TCP SYN flag. For non-TCP, also generate a reverse rule with swapped source/destination. Default value is `true`
- **srcportfrom** (Number) Source port from. Valid values should be in range 1-65535
- **srcportgroup** (String) Match source ports on a group of ports. Valid value name of ACL Port Group
- **srcportto** (Number) Source port to. Valid values should be in range 1-65535
- **validuntil** (String)


