---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_acltwozero Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages ACLs 2.0
---

# netris_acltwozero

Netris supports ACLs for switch network access control. (ACL and ACL2.0) ACL is for defining network access lists in a source IP: Port, destination IP: Port format. ACL2.0 is an object-oriented service way of describing network access.
Both ACL and ACL2.0 services support tenant/RBAC based approval workflows. Access control lists execute in switch hardware providing line-rate performance for security enforcement. It’s important to keep in mind that the number of ACLs is limited to the limited size of TCAM of network switches.

## Example Usages
```hcl
data "netris_tenant" "admin" {
  name = "Admin"
}

data "netris_roh" "my_roh" {
  name = "my-roh"
}

data "netris_roh" "my_roh_anycast" {
  name = "my-roh-anycast"
}

data "netris_portgroup" "my_portgroup" {
  name = "my_portgroup"
}

resource "netris_acltwozero" "terraform-acltwozero" {
  name = "terraform-acltwozero"
  privacy = "public"
  tenantid = data.netris_tenant.admin.id
  state = "enabled"
  publishers {
    instanceids = [data.netris_roh.my_roh_anycast.id]
    lbvips = []
    prefixes = ["203.0.113.128/26"]
    protocol {
      name = "TCP-GROUP"
      protocol = "tcp"
      portgroupid = data.netris_portgroup.my_portgroup.id
    }
    protocol {
      name = "TCP"
      protocol = "tcp"
      port = "80"
    }
  }
  subscribers {
    instanceids = [data.netris_roh.my_roh.id]
    prefix {
      prefix = "172.28.51.0/24"
      comment = "vnet-prefix"
    }
  }
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) ACL 2.0 unique name
- **privacy** (String) Valid values are `public`, `private`, `hidden`. Public - Service is visible to all users and every user can subscribe instances and get access without approval. Private - Service is visible to all users, instances can be subscribed either by service owning tenant members or will require approval. Hidden - Service is not visible to any user except those who are part of tenant owning the service, instances can be subscribed only by service owning tenant members.
- **tenantid** (Number) ID of tenant. Users of this tenant will be permitted to manage this acl

### Optional

- **publishers** (Block List) The block of publisher configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--publishers))
- **state** (String) State of the resource. Valid values are `enabled` or `disabled`
- **subscribers** (Block List) The block of subscriber configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subscribers))

<a id="nestedblock--publishers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `publishers`

Optional:

- **instanceids** (List of Number) List of Instances ID (ROH)
- **lbvips** (List of Number) List of LB VIPs ID
- **prefixes** (List of String) List with prefixes
- **protocol** (Block List) The block of protocol configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--publishers--protocol))

<a id="nestedblock--publishers--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `publishers.protocol`

Optional:

- **name** (String) Custom name for the current protocol
- **port** (String) Port number. Example `80`. Or protocol number when protocol == `ip`
- **portgroupid** (Number) ID of Port Group. Use instead of port key
- **protocol** (String) Valid protocol. Possible values: `ip`, `tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, `all`



<a id="nestedblock--subscribers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribers`

Optional:

- **instanceids** (List of Number) List of Instances ID (ROH)
- **prefix** (Block List) List of prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subscribers--prefix))

<a id="nestedblock--subscribers--prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribers.prefix`

Required:

- **prefix** (String) Valid prefix

Optional:

- **comment** (String) Optional comment
