---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_bgp Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages BGPs
---

# netris_bgp

Creates and manages BGP resources. Netris will automatically generate and program the network configuration to meet the requirements.
## Example Usages
```hcl
data "netris_site" "santa-clara" {
  name = "Santa Clara"
}

data "netris_network_interface" "swp5_sw1" {
  name = "swp5@sw1"
  depends_on = [netris_switch.sw1]
}

resource "netris_bgp" "my-bgp" {
  name = "my-bgp"
  siteid = data.netris_site.santa-clara.id
  hardware = "softgate1"
  neighboras = 23456
  portid = data.netris_network_interface.swp5_sw1.id
  localip = "192.0.0.2/30"
  remoteip = "192.0.0.1/30"
  depends_on = [netris_softgate.softgate1]
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **localip** (String) BGP session local IP. Example `10.0.1.1/24`.
- **name** (String) User assigned name of BGP session.
- **remoteip** (String) BGP session remote IP. Example `10.0.1.2/24`.
- **siteid** (Number) Site (data center) ID where this BGP session should be terminated on.

### Optional

- **allowasin** (Number) Optionally allow number of occurrences of the own AS number in received prefix AS-path. Default value is `0`.
- **bgppassword** (String) BGP session password
- **defaultoriginate** (Boolean) Originate default route to current neighbor. Default value is `false`.
- **description** (String) BGP session description
- **hardware** (String) Defines hardware for Layer-3 and BGP session termination. Valid value is hardware name or `auto` when BGP is terminated on VNet. Default value is `auto`.
- **inboundroutemap** (Number) Reference to route-map resource ID.
- **localasn** (String) Local ASN for the BGP speaker. Possible values: `public-as` - use the AS number defined as public ASN in the current site configuration, `switch-local-as` - if a switch is selected as a BGP router, use the individual switch local ASN to initiate the BGP session, or `<1-4294967295>` enter a custom AS number to initiate the BGP session from. The default value is `public-as`.
- **localpreference** (Number) BGP session local preference. Default value is `100`.
- **multihop** (Map of String) Multihop BGP session configurations.
- **multihop.neighboraddress** (String) IP address of the neighbor when peering with the loopback IP address instead of the interface IP address (aka Multihop).
- **multihop.updatesource** (String) When Multihop BGP peering is used it allows the operator to choose one of the loopback IP addresses of the SoftGate node as a BGP speaker source IP address.
- **multihop.hops** (Number) Multihop BGP hops count.
- **neighboras** (Number) BGP neighbor AS number.
- **outboundroutemap** (Number) Reference to route-map resource ID.
- **portid** (Number) Port ID where BGP neighbor cable is connected. Can't be used together `vnetid`.
- **prefixinboundmax** (String) BGP session will be interrupted if neighbor advertises more prefixes than defined. Equal to `1000` if BGP session is terminated on hardware type of switch.
- **prefixlistinbound** (List of String) List of inbound prefix list. Example `["deny 127.0.0.0/8 le 32", "permit 0.0.0.0/0 le 24"]`.
- **prefixlistoutbound** (List of String) List of outbound prefix list, if not defined autogenerated prefix list will apply which will permit defined allocations and assignments, and will deny all private addresses. Example `["permit 192.0.2.0/24 le 26"]`.
- **prependinbound** (Number) Number of times to prepend self AS to as-path of received prefix advertisements. Default value is `0`.
- **prependoutbound** (Number) Number of times to prepend self AS to as-path being advertised to neighbors. Default value is `0`.
- **sendbgpcommunity** (List of String) Send BGP Community Unconditionally advertise defined list of BGP communities towards BGP neighbor. Format: AA:NN Community number in AA:NN format (where AA and NN are (0-65535)) or local-AS. Example `["65501:777"]`.
- **state** (String) Valid value is `enabled` or `disabled`; enabled - initiating and waiting for BGP connections, disabled - disable Layer-2 tunnel and Layer-3 address. Default value is `enabled`.
- **vlanid** (Number) VLAN ID for tagging BGP neighbor facing ethernet frames. Valid values should be in range 2-4094.
- **untagged** (Boolean) Untag the ethernet frames on BGP neighbor facing ethernet.
- **vnetid** (Number) Existing VNet service ID to terminate E-BGP on. Can't be used together `portid`.
- **weight** (Number) BGP session weight. Default value is `0`.
- **vpcid** (Number) ID of VPC. If not specified, the BGP will be created in the VPC marked as a default.
- **hellotimer** (Number) Hello timer is the frequency (seconds) of sending `Hello` messages. Default value is `3`.
- **holdtimer** (Number) Hold timer is the amount of time in seconds to keep BGP session up after the last received `Hello` message. This value must be at least 3 times bigger than `Hello` timer. Default value is `10`.
- **connecttimer** (Number) Connect timer is the amount of time in seconds which BGP waits between connection attempts to a neighbor. Default value is `10`.
- **bfd** (String) Valid value is `enabled` or `disabled`. Default value is `disabled`.
- **removeprivateas** (String) When Enabled, Netris will remove all private ASNs from the AS path when advertising routes to a BGP neighbor. Valid value is `enabled` or `disabled`. Default value is `enabled`.
