---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_l4lb Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages L4LBs
---

# netris_l4lb

Netris L4 Load Balancer (L4LB) leverages SoftGate(Linux router) nodes to provide Layer-4 load balancing services, including on-demand cloud load balancing with native integration with Kubernetes. L4 Load Balancer service requires at least one SoftGate node to be available in a given Site, as well as at least one IP address assignment (purpose=load balancer).

```hcl
data "netris_site" "santa_clara" {
  name = "Santa Clara"
}

data "netris_tenant" "admin" {
  name = "Admin"
}

resource "netris_l4lb" "my_l4lb" {
  name = "my-l4lb"
  tenantid = data.netris_tenant.admin.id
  siteid = data.netris_site.santa_clara.id
  protocol = "tcp"
  frontend = "203.0.113.7"
  port = 31434
  backend = ["192.0.2.100:443", "192.0.2.101:443"]
  check = {
    type = "http"
    timeout = 3000
    requestPath =  "/"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the resource
- **backend** (Set of String) List of backends. Valid value is `ip`:`port` Example `["192.0.2.100:443", "192.0.2.101:443"]`
- **check** (Map of String) A health check determines whether instances in the target pool are healthy. If protocol == `udp` then check.type should be `none`
- **check.type** (String) Probe type. Possible values: `tcp`, `http` or `none`.
- **check.timeout** (Number) Probe timeout in ms.
- **check.requestPath** (String) Http probe path. Ignoring when check.type == `tcp`
- **frontend** (String) L4LB frontend IP. If not specified, will be assigned automatically from subnets with relevant purpose.
- **port** (Number) L4LB frontend port to be exposed
- **protocol** (String) Protocol. Possible values: `tcp` or `udp`
- **siteid** (Number) The site ID. Resources defined in the selected site will be permitted to be used as backed entries for this L4 Load Balancer service.
- **tenantid** (Number) ID of tenant. Users of this tenant will be permitted to edit this unit.
### Optional

- **state** (String) Administrative status. Possible values: `active` or `disable`. Default value is `active`
