---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_route Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages static routes
---

# netris_route

It is a method for describing static routing policies that Netris will dynamically inject on switches and/or SoftGate where appropriate. We recommend using the Routes only if BGP is not supported by the remote end.

Typical use cases for static routing:
* To connect the switch fabric to an ISP or upstream router in a situation where BGP and dual-homing are not supported.
* Temporary interconnection with the old network for a migration.
* Routing a subnet behind a VM hypervisor machine for an internal VM network.
* Specifically routing traffic destined to a particular prefix through an out-of-band management network.

## Example Usages

```hcl
data "netris_site" "santa-clara"{
    name = "Santa Clara"
}

resource "netris_route" "route-terraform-test" {
    description = "Terraform Test"
    prefix = "10.0.0.0/25"
    nexthop = "10.0.1.5"
    siteid = data.netris_site.santa-clara.id
    state = "active"
    # hwids = [netris_switch.my-switch1.id]
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **description** (String) Description of route
- **nexthop** (String) Traffic destined to the Prefix will be routed towards the Next-Hop. Note that static routes will be injected only on units that have the Next-Hop as a connected network
- **prefix** (String) Route destination to match
- **siteid** (Number) The site ID where the current route belongs

### Optional

- **hwids** (List of Number) Hardware ID where to apply this route. It is typically used for Null routes. If not set, Netris will automatically decide where to apply
- **state** (String) Administrative state of the route. Possible values: `enabled` or `disabled`. Default value is `enabled`


