---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_site Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages Sites
---

# netris_site

Each separate deployment (each data center) should be defined as a Site. All network units and resources are attached to a site. Netris Controller comes with a “default” site preconfigured. Site entry defines global attributes such as; AS numbers, default ACL policy, and Site Mesh (site to site VPN) type.
## Example Usages

```hcl
resource "netris_site" "santa-clara" {
  name              = "Santa Clara"
  publicasn         = 65001
  rohasn            = 65502
  vmasn             = 65503
  rohroutingprofile = "default"
  sitemesh          = "hub"
  acldefaultpolicy  = "permit"
}
```

```hcl
resource "netris_site" "pnap-sea" {
  name              = "phoenixNAP Seattle"
  publicasn         = 65000
  rohasn            = 65500
  vmasn             = 65501
  rohroutingprofile = "default"
  sitemesh          = "disabled"
  acldefaultpolicy  = "permit"
  switchfabric      = "phoenixnap_bmc"
  switchfabricproviders {
    phoenixnapbmc {
      clientid     = "yyyy"
      clientsecret = "xxxx"
      location     = "sea"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **acldefaultpolicy** (String) Possible values: `permit` or `deny`. Deny - Layer-3 packet forwarding is denied by default. ACLs are required to permit necessary traffic flows. Deny ACLs will be applied before Permit ACLs. Permit - Layer-3 packet forwarding is allowed by default. ACLs are required to deny unwanted traffic flows. Permit ACLs will be applied before Deny ACLs.
- **name** (String) The name of the site
- **publicasn** (Number) Site public ASN that should be used for external bgp peer configuration
- **rohasn** (Number) ASN for ROH (Routing on the Host) compute instances, should be unique within the scope of a site, can be same for different sites
- **rohroutingprofile** (String) ROH Routing profile defines set of routing prefixes to be advertised to ROH instances. Possible values: `default`, `default_agg`, `full`. Default route only - Will advertise 0.0.0.0/0 + loopback address of physically connected switch. Default + Aggregate - Will add prefixes of defined subnets + `Default` profile. Full - Will advertise all prefixes available in the routing table of the connected switch
- **sitemesh** (String) Site to site VPN mode. Site mesh available values are: `disabled`, `hub`, `spoke`, `dspoke`
- **vmasn** (Number) ASN for ROH (Routing on the Host) virtual compute instances, should be unique within the scope of a site, can be same for different sites

### Optional

- **switchfabric** (String) Type of switch fabric. Possible values: `netris`, `equinix_metal`, `dot1q_trunk`, `phoenixnap_bmc`. Default value is `netris`. 
- **vlanrange** (String) Range of VLAN IDs allowed for use at this site. Ignoring when switchfabric == `netris`. Default value is `2-3999` when switchfabric == `equinix_metal`, and `2-4094` when switchfabric == `dot1q_trunk` or `phoenixnap_bmc`.
- **vlanrangeautoassign** (String) The range of VLAN IDs for automatic VLAN assignment. If no specific range is provided and the switch fabric is set to `phoenixnap_bmc` the default range will be `3000-4094`. For all other switch fabric types, the range will match that of the `vlanRange` value."

- **switchfabricproviders** (Block List) Block of switch fabric providers parameters. Only when switchfabric == `equinix_metal`, or `phoenixnap_bmc`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--switchfabricproviders))

<a id="nestedblock--switchfabricproviders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `switchfabricproviders`

- **equinixmetal** (Block List) Block of equinixmetal. Only when switchfabric == `equinix_metal`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--switchfabricproviders--equinixmetal))
- **phoenixnapbmc** (Block List) Block of phoenixnapbmc. Only when switchfabric == `phoenixnap_bmc`.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--switchfabricproviders--phoenixnapbmc))



<a id="nestedblock--switchfabricproviders--equinixmetal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `switchfabricproviders.equinixmetal`

Required:
- **projectid** (String) Equinix Metal Project ID.
- **projectapikey** (String) Equinix Project API key with Read/Write permissions.
- **location** (String) Equinix Location. Possible values: `ny`, `ty`, `sg`, `tr`, `la`, `se`, `dc`, `hk`, `sv`, `sy`, `pa`, `ch`, `at`, `sp`, `fr`, `ld`, `da`, `am`, `sl`, `md`.

<a id="nestedblock--switchfabricproviders--phoenixnapbmc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `switchfabricproviders.phoenixnapbmc`

Required:
- **clientid** (String) PhoenixNAP Auth Client ID with BMC scope permissions.
- **clientsecret** (String) PhoenixNAP OAth Client Secret with BMC scope permissions.
- **location** (String) PhoenixNAP Location. Possible values: `nld`, `phx`, `chi`, `aus`, `sgp`, `ash`, `sea`.
