---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netris_subnet Resource - terraform-provider-netris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages Subnet
---

# netris_subnet

There are 2 main types of IP prefixes - allocation and subnet. Allocations are IP ranges allocated to an organization via RIR/LIR or private IP ranges that are going to be used by the network. Subnets are prefixes which are going to be used in services. Subnets are always childs of allocation. Allocations do not have parent subnets.

~> **Note:** Subnet require allocations to exist prior to resource creation. Use `depends_on` to set an explicit dependency on the allocations.

## Example Usages

```hcl
data "netris_site" "santa-clara" {
  name = "Santa Clara"
}

data "netris_tenant" "admin" {
  name = "Admin"
}

resource "netris_subnet" "my-subnet-mgmt" {
  name = "my-subnet-mgmt"
  prefix = "192.0.2.0/24"
  tenantid = data.netris_tenant.admin.id
  purpose = "management"
  defaultgateway = "192.0.2.1"
  siteids = [data.netris_site.santa-clara.id]
  depends_on = [
    netris_allocation.my-allocation-mgmt,
  ]
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Unique name for current subnet.
- **prefix** (String) Unique prefix for subnet, must not overlap with other subnets.
- **purpose** (String) Describes which kind of service will be able to use this subnet. Possible values: `common`, `loopback`, `management`, `load-balancer`, `nat`, `inactive`
- **tenantid** (Number) ID of tenant. Users of this tenant will be permitted to manage the subnet.

### Optional

- **defaultgateway** (String) Use when purpose is set to `management`.
- **siteids** (List of Number) List of sites IDs where this subnet is available.
- **vpcid** (Number) ID of VPC. If not specified, the subnet will be created in the VPC marked as a default.
- **globalrouting** (Boolean) Subnets with `Global Routing` enabled will be advertised from guest VPCs to the System VPC, and if the System VPC has upstream (Internet) connection such subnets will be advertised further upstream.
